The version numbers correspond to the Neucore version numbers.

When updating, check the generator version in .openapi-generator/VERSION, 
a new version may break backwards compatibility.

**Notes**

- If you use the `esi_v2` or `esi_post_v2` method, you may need to set `_preload_content=False` to get 
  a string that can be JSON decoded.

**Breaking changes**

- 1.43.0  
  Player.character_id is now an integer instead of string.
- 1.21.0  
  Requires Python >= 3.6
- 1.14.0  
  The API is now split into several tags. This means that there are now several api Python classes instead of just one, 
  the methods remain the same, but they have moved to other classes.
- 1.4.0  
  Generated from OpenAPI v3 definition file.  
  The authorization configuration changed, use `access_token` instead of `api_key`, see below. 

# neucore-api
Client library of Neucore API

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.43.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python >=3.6

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/bravecollective/neucore-api-python.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/bravecollective/neucore-api-python.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import neucore_api
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import neucore_api
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import time
import neucore_api
from pprint import pprint
from neucore_api.api import application_api
from neucore_api.model.app import App
# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://localhost/api
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = neucore_api.Configuration(
    host = "https://localhost/api"
)

# The client must configure the authentication and authorization parameters
# in accordance with the API server security policy.
# Examples for each auth method are provided below, use the example that
# satisfies your auth use case.

# Configure Bearer authorization: BearerAuth
configuration = neucore_api.Configuration(
    access_token = 'YOUR_BEARER_TOKEN'
)


# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with neucore_api.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = application_api.ApplicationApi(api_client)

    try:
        # Show app information.
        api_response = api_instance.show_v1()
        pprint(api_response)
    except neucore_api.ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling ApplicationApi->show_v1: %s\n" % e)
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://localhost/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ApplicationApi* | [**show_v1**](docs/ApplicationApi.md#show_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/show | Show app information.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**character_list_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#character_list_v1) | **POST** /app/v1/character-list | Returns all known characters from the parameter list.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**characters_bulk_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#characters_bulk_v1) | **POST** /app/v1/characters | Returns all characters from multiple player accounts identified by character IDs.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**characters_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#characters_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/characters/{characterId} | Returns all characters of the player account to which the character ID belongs.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**corporation_characters_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#corporation_characters_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/corp-characters/{corporationId} | Returns a list of all known characters from the corporation.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**corporation_players_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#corporation_players_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/corp-players/{corporationId} | Returns a list of all players that have a character in the corporation.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**incoming_characters_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#incoming_characters_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/incoming-characters/{characterId} | Returns all characters that were moved from another account to the player account to which the                     ID belongs.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**main_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#main_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/main/{cid} | Returns the main character of the player account to which the character ID belongs.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**main_v2**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#main_v2) | **GET** /app/v2/main/{cid} | Returns the main character of the player account to which the character ID belongs.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**player_characters_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#player_characters_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/player-chars/{playerId} | Returns all characters from the player account.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**player_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#player_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/player/{characterId} | Returns the player account to which the character ID belongs.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**player_with_characters_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#player_with_characters_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/player-with-characters/{characterId} | Returns the player account to which the character ID belongs with all characters.
*ApplicationCharactersApi* | [**removed_characters_v1**](docs/ApplicationCharactersApi.md#removed_characters_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/removed-characters/{characterId} | Returns all characters that were removed from the player account to which the character ID                     belongs.
*ApplicationESIApi* | [**esi_eve_login_characters_v1**](docs/ApplicationESIApi.md#esi_eve_login_characters_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/esi/eve-login/{name}/characters | Returns character IDs of characters that have an ESI token (including invalid) of an EVE login.
*ApplicationESIApi* | [**esi_eve_login_token_data_v1**](docs/ApplicationESIApi.md#esi_eve_login_token_data_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/esi/eve-login/{name}/token-data | Returns data for all valid tokens (roles are also checked if applicable) for an EVE login.
*ApplicationESIApi* | [**esi_post_v1**](docs/ApplicationESIApi.md#esi_post_v1) | **POST** /app/v1/esi | See POST /app/v2/esi
*ApplicationESIApi* | [**esi_post_v2**](docs/ApplicationESIApi.md#esi_post_v2) | **POST** /app/v2/esi | Same as GET /app/v2/esi, but for POST requests.
*ApplicationESIApi* | [**esi_v1**](docs/ApplicationESIApi.md#esi_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/esi | See GET /app/v2/esi
*ApplicationESIApi* | [**esi_v2**](docs/ApplicationESIApi.md#esi_v2) | **GET** /app/v2/esi | Makes an ESI GET request on behalf on an EVE character and returns the result.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**alliance_groups_bulk_v1**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#alliance_groups_bulk_v1) | **POST** /app/v1/alliance-groups | Return groups of multiple alliances.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**alliance_groups_v1**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#alliance_groups_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/alliance-groups/{aid} | Return groups of the alliance.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**alliance_groups_v2**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#alliance_groups_v2) | **GET** /app/v2/alliance-groups/{aid} | Return groups of the alliance.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**corp_groups_bulk_v1**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#corp_groups_bulk_v1) | **POST** /app/v1/corp-groups | Return groups of multiple corporations.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**corp_groups_v1**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#corp_groups_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/corp-groups/{cid} | Return groups of the corporation.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**corp_groups_v2**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#corp_groups_v2) | **GET** /app/v2/corp-groups/{cid} | Return groups of the corporation.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**group_members_v1**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#group_members_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/group-members/{groupId} | Returns the main character IDs from all group members.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**groups_bulk_v1**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#groups_bulk_v1) | **POST** /app/v1/groups | Return groups of multiple players, identified by one of their character IDs.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**groups_v1**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#groups_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/groups/{cid} | Return groups of the character&#39;s player account.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**groups_v2**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#groups_v2) | **GET** /app/v2/groups/{cid} | Return groups of the character&#39;s player account.
*ApplicationGroupsApi* | [**groups_with_fallback_v1**](docs/ApplicationGroupsApi.md#groups_with_fallback_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/groups-with-fallback | Returns groups from the character&#39;s account, if available, or the corporation and alliance.
*ApplicationTrackingApi* | [**member_tracking_v1**](docs/ApplicationTrackingApi.md#member_tracking_v1) | **GET** /app/v1/corporation/{id}/member-tracking | Return corporation member tracking data.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Alliance](docs/Alliance.md)
 - [App](docs/App.md)
 - [Character](docs/Character.md)
 - [CharacterGroups](docs/CharacterGroups.md)
 - [CharacterNameChange](docs/CharacterNameChange.md)
 - [Corporation](docs/Corporation.md)
 - [CorporationMember](docs/CorporationMember.md)
 - [EsiLocation](docs/EsiLocation.md)
 - [EsiToken](docs/EsiToken.md)
 - [EsiTokenData](docs/EsiTokenData.md)
 - [EsiType](docs/EsiType.md)
 - [EveLogin](docs/EveLogin.md)
 - [Group](docs/Group.md)
 - [GroupApplication](docs/GroupApplication.md)
 - [HourlyAppRequests](docs/HourlyAppRequests.md)
 - [MonthlyAppRequests](docs/MonthlyAppRequests.md)
 - [Player](docs/Player.md)
 - [PlayerLoginStatistics](docs/PlayerLoginStatistics.md)
 - [Plugin](docs/Plugin.md)
 - [PluginConfigurationDatabase](docs/PluginConfigurationDatabase.md)
 - [PluginConfigurationFile](docs/PluginConfigurationFile.md)
 - [PluginConfigurationURL](docs/PluginConfigurationURL.md)
 - [RemovedCharacter](docs/RemovedCharacter.md)
 - [Role](docs/Role.md)
 - [SearchResult](docs/SearchResult.md)
 - [ServiceAccount](docs/ServiceAccount.md)
 - [SystemVariable](docs/SystemVariable.md)
 - [TotalDailyAppRequests](docs/TotalDailyAppRequests.md)
 - [TotalMonthlyAppRequests](docs/TotalMonthlyAppRequests.md)
 - [Watchlist](docs/Watchlist.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


## BearerAuth

- **Type**: Bearer authentication


## Author




## Notes for Large OpenAPI documents
If the OpenAPI document is large, imports in neucore_api.apis and neucore_api.models may fail with a
RecursionError indicating the maximum recursion limit has been exceeded. In that case, there are a couple of solutions:

Solution 1:
Use specific imports for apis and models like:
- `from neucore_api.api.default_api import DefaultApi`
- `from neucore_api.model.pet import Pet`

Solution 2:
Before importing the package, adjust the maximum recursion limit as shown below:
```
import sys
sys.setrecursionlimit(1500)
import neucore_api
from neucore_api.apis import *
from neucore_api.models import *
```

